# ft_100

This PHP package is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: v1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: io.swagger.codegen.languages.PhpClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://developer.visa.com/](https://developer.visa.com/)

## Requirements

PHP 7.0 and later

## Installation & Usage
### Composer

To install the bindings via [Composer](http://getcomposer.org/), add the following to `composer.json`:

```
{
  "repositories": [
    {
      "type": "git",
      "url": "https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git"
    }
  ],
  "require": {
    "GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID": "*@dev"
  }
}
```

Then run `composer install`

### Manual Installation

Download the files and include `autoload.php`:

```php
    require_once('/path/to/prod_6/ft_100/autoload.php');
```

## Tests

To run the unit tests:

```
composer install
./vendor/bin/phpunit
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```php
<?php
require_once('/path/to/prod_6/ft_100/autoload.php');
use \ft_100\Configuration;


    $config = Configuration::getDefaultConfiguration();
    
    // Configure HTTP basic authorization: basicAuth
    $config->setUsername("Username");
    $config->setPassword("Password");
    $config->setCertificatePath("Certificate_path");
    $config->setPrivateKey("Private_key_path");

    $api_instance = new ft_100\api\Funds_transferApi();

    //Set all the required parameters in the getmultipullfundstransactions. Look at the documentation for further clarification.

    $status_identifier = "status_identifier_example"; // string

    try {
        $result = $api_instance->getmultipullfundstransactions($status_identifier);
        print_r($result);
    } catch (Exception $e) {
        echo 'Exception when calling Funds_transferApi->getmultipullfundstransactions: ', $e->getMessage(), PHP_EOL;
    }

?>
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://sandbox.api.visa.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*Funds_transferApi* | [**getmultipullfundstransactions**](docs/Api/Funds_transferApi.md#getmultipullfundstransactions) | **GET** /visadirect/fundstransfer/v1/multipullfundstransactions/{statusIdentifier} | 
*Funds_transferApi* | [**getmultipushfundstransactions**](docs/Api/Funds_transferApi.md#getmultipushfundstransactions) | **GET** /visadirect/fundstransfer/v1/multipushfundstransactions/{statusIdentifier} | 
*Funds_transferApi* | [**getmultireversefundstransactions**](docs/Api/Funds_transferApi.md#getmultireversefundstransactions) | **GET** /visadirect/fundstransfer/v1/multireversefundstransactions/{statusIdentifier} | 
*Funds_transferApi* | [**getpullfundstransactions**](docs/Api/Funds_transferApi.md#getpullfundstransactions) | **GET** /visadirect/fundstransfer/v1/pullfundstransactions/{statusIdentifier} | 
*Funds_transferApi* | [**getpushfundstransactions**](docs/Api/Funds_transferApi.md#getpushfundstransactions) | **GET** /visadirect/fundstransfer/v1/pushfundstransactions/{statusIdentifier} | 
*Funds_transferApi* | [**getreversefundstransactions**](docs/Api/Funds_transferApi.md#getreversefundstransactions) | **GET** /visadirect/fundstransfer/v1/reversefundstransactions/{statusIdentifier} | 
*Funds_transferApi* | [**postmultipullfunds**](docs/Api/Funds_transferApi.md#postmultipullfunds) | **POST** /visadirect/fundstransfer/v1/multipullfundstransactions | 
*Funds_transferApi* | [**postmultipushfunds**](docs/Api/Funds_transferApi.md#postmultipushfunds) | **POST** /visadirect/fundstransfer/v1/multipushfundstransactions | 
*Funds_transferApi* | [**postmultireversefunds**](docs/Api/Funds_transferApi.md#postmultireversefunds) | **POST** /visadirect/fundstransfer/v1/multireversefundstransactions | 
*Funds_transferApi* | [**postpullfunds**](docs/Api/Funds_transferApi.md#postpullfunds) | **POST** /visadirect/fundstransfer/v1/pullfundstransactions | 
*Funds_transferApi* | [**postpushfunds**](docs/Api/Funds_transferApi.md#postpushfunds) | **POST** /visadirect/fundstransfer/v1/pushfundstransactions | 
*Funds_transferApi* | [**postreversefunds**](docs/Api/Funds_transferApi.md#postreversefunds) | **POST** /visadirect/fundstransfer/v1/reversefundstransactions | 


## Documentation For Models

 - [Address](docs/Model/Address.md)
 - [AddressVerificationData](docs/Model/AddressVerificationData.md)
 - [CardAcceptor](docs/Model/CardAcceptor.md)
 - [MagneticStripeData](docs/Model/MagneticStripeData.md)
 - [MerchantVerificationValue](docs/Model/MerchantVerificationValue.md)
 - [MultipullfundspostPayload](docs/Model/MultipullfundspostPayload.md)
 - [MultipullfundspostResponse](docs/Model/MultipullfundspostResponse.md)
 - [MultipullfundstransactionsgetResponse](docs/Model/MultipullfundstransactionsgetResponse.md)
 - [MultipushfundspostPayload](docs/Model/MultipushfundspostPayload.md)
 - [MultipushfundspostResponse](docs/Model/MultipushfundspostResponse.md)
 - [MultipushfundstransactionsgetResponse](docs/Model/MultipushfundstransactionsgetResponse.md)
 - [MultireversefundspostPayload](docs/Model/MultireversefundspostPayload.md)
 - [MultireversefundspostResponse](docs/Model/MultireversefundspostResponse.md)
 - [MultireversefundstransactionsgetResponse](docs/Model/MultireversefundstransactionsgetResponse.md)
 - [OriginalDataElements](docs/Model/OriginalDataElements.md)
 - [PinData](docs/Model/PinData.md)
 - [PointOfServiceCapability](docs/Model/PointOfServiceCapability.md)
 - [PointOfServiceData](docs/Model/PointOfServiceData.md)
 - [PullfundspostPayload](docs/Model/PullfundspostPayload.md)
 - [PullfundspostResponse](docs/Model/PullfundspostResponse.md)
 - [PullfundstransactionsgetResponse](docs/Model/PullfundstransactionsgetResponse.md)
 - [PushfundspostPayload](docs/Model/PushfundspostPayload.md)
 - [PushfundspostResponse](docs/Model/PushfundspostResponse.md)
 - [PushfundstransactionsgetResponse](docs/Model/PushfundstransactionsgetResponse.md)
 - [ReversefundspostPayload](docs/Model/ReversefundspostPayload.md)
 - [ReversefundspostResponse](docs/Model/ReversefundspostResponse.md)
 - [ReversefundstransactionsgetResponse](docs/Model/ReversefundstransactionsgetResponse.md)
 - [SecurityRelatedControlInfo](docs/Model/SecurityRelatedControlInfo.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


## basicAuth

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication


##Authors
 **Visa Developer Platform**
 See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/visa/java-sample-code/graphs/contributors) who participated in this project.

##Acknowledgments
 The following repository only serves the need of calling VDP API's from PHP as sample code.

###----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
© Copyright 2018 Visa. All Rights Reserved.

NOTICE: The software and accompanying information and documentation (together, the “Software”) remain the property of
and are proprietary to Visa and its suppliers and affiliates. The Software remains protected by intellectual property
rights and may be covered by U.S. and foreign patents or patent applications. The Software is licensed and not sold.

By accessing the Software you are agreeing to Visa's terms of use (developer.visa.com/terms) and privacy policy (developer.visa.com/privacy).
In addition, all permissible uses of the Software must be in support of Visa products, programs and services provided
through the Visa Developer Program (VDP) platform only (developer.visa.com). THE SOFTWARE AND ANY ASSOCIATED
INFORMATION OR DOCUMENTATION IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS,” “AS AVAILABLE,” “WITH ALL FAULTS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OR
CONDITION OF ANY KIND. YOUR USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.

All brand names are the property of their respective owners, used for identification purposes only, and do not imply
product endorsement or affiliation with Visa. Any links to third party sites are for your information only and equally
do not constitute a Visa endorsement. Visa has no insight into and control over third party content and code and disclaims
all liability for any such components, including continued availability and functionality. Benefits depend on implementation
details and business factors and coding steps shown are exemplary only and do not reflect all necessary elements for the
described capabilities. Capabilities and features are subject to Visa’s terms and conditions and may require development,
implementation and resources by you based on your business and operational details. Please refer to the specific
API documentation for details on the requirements, eligibility and geographic availability.

This Software includes programs, concepts and details under continuing development by Visa. Any Visa features,
functionality, implementation, branding, and schedules may be amended, updated or canceled at Visa’s discretion.
The timing of widespread availability of programs and functionality is also subject to a number of factors outside Visa’s control,
including but not limited to deployment of necessary infrastructure by issuers, acquirers, merchants and mobile device manufacturers.
###----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------